Update readme to mention WP Admin screen, update installation instructions (#132)
woocommerce/wc-smooth-generator: README.md

# WooCommerce Smooth Generator
A super-smooth generator for products, orders, coupons, customers, and terms. WP-CLI is the preferred interface for using the plugin. There is also a WP Admin UI at Dashboard > Tools > WooCommerce Smooth Generator with (for now) more limited functionality.

## Installation

1. Download the latest release as a zip file from https://github.com/woocommerce/wc-smooth-generator/releases/
1. Install in your WordPress site as you would any other plugin zip file.

## WP-CLI Commands

> You can see the documentation for each command by running `wp help wc generate <command name>`.

Reviewer: Optional change, feel free to skip—

```suggestion
You can see a summary of all available commands by running `wp help wc generate`, and more detailed guidance for each individual command is available by running `wp help wc generate <command name>`.
```
